# Installation

We provide several methods to install pyraws:

## 1. Build from source
For Linux, the installation is straightforward. 
You just need to run the following command from the main directory:
```bash
source pyraws_install.sh
```
> [!WARNING]
> Your datates should be placed in the /data directory in the main.

> [!TIP]
> You can also install by the environment.yml. 

## 2. PyPi

From CLI:

```bash
pip3 install pyraws 
```

> [!WARNING]
> Create a file `sys_cfg.py` in the directory `/pyraws/pyraws/`, and add two variables as follows: 
> ```cmd
> PYRAWS_HOME_PATH="Absolute path to the main pyraws directory."
> DATA_PATH="Absolute path to the data directory."
> ```
> By default the data directory is located in PyRawS main directory.


## 3. Docker Compose  

PyRawS comes also delivered in a [docker image](sirbastiano94/pyraws:latest ). To use PyRawS with docker, you can pull the image or build it trough the Dockerfile.

We already set the docker-compose.yml file integrated with the capabilities of NVIDIA docker. You can run the container trough the compose API:

>>```bash
>> .devcontainer/ > docker-compose up --build  
>>```

You can also run the container trough the devcontainer extension of VSCode, a devcontainer.json has been already provided.


## *Set-up for coregistration study*

If you want to perform the coregistration study, you need to:

1. clone the repository [SuperGlue Inference and Evaluation Demo Script](https://github.com/magicleap/SuperGluePretrainedNetwork);
2. rename the subdirectory `models` to `superglue_models`; 
3. move `superglue_models` into `coregistration_study`.

<br>

Coregistration study results can be generated by using the `pyraws_coregistration_study.ipynb` notebook. The database `coregistration_study_db.csv` containing info on the discarded eruption events is used to generate results in the notebook.